combination rules for certainties and costs- open issue.

tempting to ignore probabilitiy- sucks 
for discrete systems. sigh.

cant have a centralized table. must have the weights out in
the rules


Susan Granger's review of "TARZAN" (Buena Vista/Walt Disney) "Tarzan"
is the best animated adventure since "The Lion King"! Not only does it
have family drama, laughter, love, and five new songs by Phil Collins,
but it offers young boys a viable role model for the emotional
conflicts of adolescence.  The story begins as a shipwrecked infant is
orphaned in Africa when his parents are devoured by a leopard. Despite
the initial reluctance of her mate, he is adopted by a loving female
gorilla, Kala (voiced by Glenn Close), who has herself lost a
child. As Tarzan matures into a young man (Tony Goldwyn) with the
instincts and athletic prowess of a jungle animal, his idyllic habitat
is invaded by British visitors, most notably Jane (Minnie
Driver). Quickly realizing that she's more like him than any other
animal he's ever seen, he's immediately intrigued - and far too
curious. Meanwhile, her nutty father (Nigel Hawthorne) and gun-toting,
big game hunter (Brian Blessed) pose a threat to the sanctity of the
jungle. That much is predictable from the Edgar Rice Burroughs
classic. Yet there's a lot that's new here. Tarzan no longer swings on
vines; instead, he glides through the trees like a skateboard surfer
on safari. And Cheetah's been replaced by annoyingly brash, comical
Terk (Rosie O'Donnell). But, even deeper, this Tarzan is an adolescent
in search of his own identity, wondering: Who am I? What am I? And,
most important, where do I belong? It's a coming-of-age comedy-drama,
not unlike "The Lion King," and the thoughtful, sensitive conclusion
differs from the traditional tale. On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to
10, this "Tarzan" is a timely, triumphant 10. He's a hero for our
times: a cool guy who seeks harmony and acts from the heart, utterly
devoid of machismo.


Sy Weintraub

Sy Weintraub Film producer, 1923-2000

In 1958, Tarzan of the silver screen was a loin-cloth-wearing,
knife-carrying monosyllabic strongman. Under the tutelage of Sy
Weintraub, who has died aged 76 at his home in Beverly Hills, Tarzan
metamorphosed into a well-mannered, soft-spoken, even introspective
gentleman worthy of the James Bond era.

Weintraub, who died from pancreatic cancer, was, more than any other
individual, responsible for breathing new life into Tarzan's flagging
film career.

Having bought the film franchise to Edgar Rice Burroughs's jungle
hero, Weintraub decided that Tarzan would be more exciting to women
without his all-American wife, Jane. She was forthwith discarded. Out,
too, went the phony safari sets on Hollywood studio backlots and the
grunt-and-groan scripts.

Weintraub's Tarzan was a man of the world, and his adventures were
shot in colour on locations in India, Kenya, Mexico and Thailand. His
chimpanzee sidekick hung around just long enough for Tarzan to say,
"So long, Cheetah", after Weintraub discovered that the apes cast for
the role were terrified of the real jungle. The loincloth stayed, but
nary a yodel was heard from Jock Mahoney, the former stuntman who was
the first of the new Tarzans, as he swung into action on a parachute
rather than a vine.

With borrowed money, Weintraub financed the films himself and then
entered into distribution deals with studios under which he shared
revenue and retained television rights and income, eventually amassing
a fortune.

Later Tarzans included Mike Henry, a former football player who
appeared in Tarzan and the Valley of Gold, and Gordon Scott, in
Tarzan's Greatest Adventure. Frank Gifford, then of the New York
Giants, was reported to have turned down a chance to play Tarzan in
1964. Ron Ely donned the loincloth in the successful 1960s television
series on NBC. Weintraub also lured such actors as Sean Connery and
Anthony Quayle into Tarzan's world.

As his deal with the Burroughs estate neared an end in 1984, Weintraub
turned to the daughter of another childhood literary hero, Sir Arthur
Conan Doyle, in pursuit of the rights to Sherlock Holmes. In 1983 he
and the producer Otto Plaschkes made two Holmes films, The Hound of
the Baskervilles and The Sign of Four, starring the British actor Ian
Richardson as the famous sleuth. The films failed to find theatre
distribution and were shown on television.

A native of New York, Weintraub served in the army during World War
II, directing Stars and Stripes productions, before working his way
through the University of Missouri as a waiter, furnace stoker and
sports writer. After completing a television production course, he
borrowed $2,000 and helped to found Flamingo Films, a television
syndication company.

Over the years, Weintraub held the titles of chairman of the board of
Panavision, president of the National General Television Corp. and
chairman of the executive committee of the board of Columbia Pictures
Industries.

He is survived by two daughters and four grandchildren.

